Document PerformanceMark/PerformanceMeasure.detail (#21823)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancemeasure/detail/index.md

---
title: PerformanceMeasure.detail
slug: Web/API/PerformanceMeasure/detail
page-type: web-api-instance-property
tags:
  - API
  - Property
  - Reference
  - Web Performance
browser-compat: api.PerformanceMeasure.detail
---

{{APIRef}}

> The read-only **`detail`** property returns arbitrary metadata that has been included in the mark upon construction (when using {{domxref("Performance.measure","performance.measure()")}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The read-only **`detail`** property returns arbitrary metadata that was included in the mark upon construction (when using {{domxref("Performance.measure","performance.measure()")}}.
```

## Value

> Returns the value it is set to (from `markOptions` of {{domxref("Performance.measure","performance.measure()")}}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns the value it was set to (from `markOptions` of {{domxref("Performance.measure","performance.measure()")}}).
```

## Examples

> The following example shows the use of the `detail` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demostrates the `detail` property.
```

```js

> performance.measure("dog", {detail: "labrador", start: 0, end: 12345 });

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
performance.measure("dog", { detail: "labrador", start: 0, end: 12345 });
```
